---
title: Must-read
description: Must-read before using APIs.
audience: developing
content-type: reference
topic-tags: campaign-standard-apis

feature: API
role: Data Engineer
level: Experienced
exl-id: 9e2d1b59-55a5-4715-adfb-35191a9df536
---
# Must-Read {#must-read}

## Technical requirements

* Adobe Campaign APIs must be used Server to Server only.
* Please always check with your Adobe technical contact if the use case you want to implement is aligned with the scale allowed by Adobe Campaign APIs.
* Setting up an AdobeIO access requires specific permissions, contact the Adobe Support for any trouble.

## Rights and access

* By default, Adobe Campaign APIs use the administrator context and thus the organisation units and roles do not apply.
* The Adobe Campaign APIs are excluded from the role context.
* If you want to configure the APIs with an organisation unit or roles, please check with your to Adobe technical contact first.

## Resources representation

All API resources are available in **JSON** with an URL extension or inside an HTTP Accept Header:

`GET /profileAndServices/<resourceName>.json`

>[!NOTE]
>
>Without extension in the URL, the **json format is the default one** for the content-type.

<br/>

***request sample***

```

-X GET https://mc.adobe.io/<ORGANIZATION>/campaign/profileAndServices/profile.json \
-H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
-H 'Authorization: Bearer <ACCESS_TOKEN>' \
-H 'Cache-Control: no-cache' \
-H 'X-Api-Key: <API_KEY>'

```

## Primary Key & URLs

* Do not try to build an URL by yourself. All the URLs are returned by the API. However, it is possible to build an URL based on the top-level resource name.

* The automatic primary key (PKey) values that illustrate the examples are not intended to work in another specific deployment. They are produced by the Adobe Campaign API.

* Automatic Primary Key values generated by Adobe Campaign must never be stored into an external database or website. You must generate specific key fields in your database definition and use it during your developments.

## Custom keys {#custom-keys}

If the profile resource has been extended with a custom key field, you can use this field as a key instead of the automatic Primary Key generated by Adobe Campaign:

`GET /.../profileAndServicesExt/profile/<customKey>`

Custom keys cannot be modified using a PATCH operation if the key value is different from the origin key, or if you are using your own business key as URI instead of the one provided by Adobe.

 Use a custom key for **top-level profile resources** only. URLs are returned by the API and should never be built by yourself.

<br/>

***Sample request***

To retrieve the subscriptions for a profile using a custom key, perform a GET operation on the custom key.

```

-X GET https://mc.adobe.io/<ORGANIZATION>/campaign/profileAndServicesExt/profile/<customKey> \
-H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
-H 'Authorization: Bearer <ACCESS_TOKEN>' \
-H 'Cache-Control: no-cache' \
-H 'X-Api-Key: <API_KEY>'

```

Perform a GET request on the subscriptions URL returned.

```

-X GET <SUBSCRIPTION_URL> \
-H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
-H 'Authorization: Bearer <ACCESS_TOKEN>' \
-H 'Cache-Control: no-cache' \
-H 'X-Api-Key: <API_KEY>'

```

It returns the list of subscriptions for the profile.

```

"service": {
"PKey": "<PKEY>",
"href": "https://mc.adobe.io/<ORGANIZATION>/campaign/profileAndServices/service/<PKEY>",
"label": "Sport Newsletter",
"name": "SVC1",
"title": "Sport Newsletter (SVC1)"
}

```
