---
title: Deliverability technical recommendations for Adobe Campaign Standard
description: Read about some technical recommendations to improve deliverability with Adobe Campaign Standard.
page-status-flag: never-activated
uuid: 286fceee-65a9-4cb9-b205-9ce5d024675c
contentOwner: sauviat
products: SG_CAMPAIGN/STANDARD
audience: sending
content-type: reference
topic-tags: sheduling-messages
discoiquuid: 9c7fd670-bba9-4f3c-8cb1-87397a1acd27
context-tags: delivery,schedule,back
---

# Technical recommendations{#technical-recommendations}

Several techniques, configurations, and tools that you can use to improve your deliverability rate are listed below. Here are a few definitions of the main technical terms.

**Reverse DNS**: Adobe Campaign checks whether a reverse DNS is given for an IP address and that this correctly points back to the IP.

**MX rules** are used to control the speed at which the Campaign MTA (Message Transfer Agent) sends emails to each individual email domain or ISP (e.g. hotmail.com, comcast.net). These rules are typically based on limits published by the ISPs (e.g. do not include more than 20 messages per each SMTP connection).

**TLS** (Transport Layer Security) is an encryption protocol that can be used to secure the connection between two email servers and protect the content of an email from being read by anyone other than the intended recipients.

**SPF** (Sender Policy Framework) is an email authentication standard that allows the owner of a domain to specify which email servers are allowed to send email on behalf of that domain. This standard uses the domain in the email's "Return-Path" header (also referred to as the "Envelope From" address).

**DKIM** (Domain Keys Identified Mail) authentication is a successor to SPF and uses public-key cryptography that allows the receiving email server to verify that a message was in fact sent by the person or entity it claims it was sent by, and whether or not the message content was altered in between the time it was originally sent (and DKIM "signed") and the time it was received. This standard typically uses the domain in the "From" or "Sender" header.

**DMARC** (Domain-based Message Authentication, Reporting and Conformance) is the most recent form of email authentication, and it relies on both SPF and DKIM authentication to determine whether an email passes or fails. DMARC is unique and powerful in two very important ways:
* Conformance - it allows the sender to instruct the ISPs on what to do with any message that fails to authenticate (e.g. do not accept it).
* Reporting – it provides the sender with a detailed report showing all messages that failed DMARC authentication, along with the "From" domain and IP address used for each. This allows a company to identify legitimate email that's failing authentication and needs some type of "fix" (e.g. adding IP addresses to their SPF record), as well as the sources and prevalence of phishing attempts on their email domains.

DMARC can leverage the reports generated by 250ok.

**SMTP** (Simple mail transfer protocol) is an internet standard for e-mail transmission.

**Dedicated IPs**: Adobe provides a dedicated IP strategy for each customer with a ramp-up IP in order to build a reputation and optimize delivery performance.
