---
title: Microsoft Dynamics 365 integration guardrails
description: Microsoft Dynamics 365 with Campaign Standard integration guardrails
page-status-flag: never-activated
uuid: ed6c1b76-87f7-4d23-b5e2-0765297a905c
contentOwner: sauviat
products: SG_CAMPAIGN/STANDARD
audience: integrating
content-type: reference
topic-tags: working-with-campaign-and-experience-manager
discoiquuid: 6c0c3c5b-b596-459e-87dd-a06bb7d633d2

---

# Integration guardrails and boundaries

## Integration Guardrails

The following guardrails should be taken into consideration when planning to use this integration. Consult with your Adobe technical representative if you believe you exceed these guardrails.

* You will need to license the proper Campaign package to support the ACS engine call volume generated by the integration. Exceeding the licensed engine call volume could cause a degradation in Campaign performance.

    Use the following to help estimate the engine call volume from the integration:

    * Record inserts (i.e., new record): 1 engine call
    * Record deletes: 1 engine call
    * Record updates: 2 engine calls (only 1 call if the destination record is identical to the source record – i.e., if no change to the ACS record)

    When estimating overall ACS engine call volume, it is important to factor in other sources of engine calls, including landing pages, WebApps, JSSP, APIs, mobile app registrations, etc.
    
    View Campaign package information here: https://helpx.adobe.com/legal/product-descriptions/campaign-standard.html

* The integration supports a maximum of 30 million contacts.

* The standard integration offering includes support for up to five custom entities

* Custom entities over 500k records will require extra consulting hours to perform a one-time (per custom entity) initial file-based import via Campaign workflow (which incurs an additional cost)

* The standard integration offering includes support for custom entities up to 50 columns in size.

* You will need to create and publish your custom resources before implementing the integration.

* The maximum table depth when linking tables is two (i.e., table1->table2->table3)

* There is limited support for Dynamic 365 data types. If your data model contains a data type other than simple data types (e.g., strings, integers, decimals, etc.), you may need to update your data model before using the integration.

* Preserving existing data in Campaign custom entities may incur additional consulting costs to prepare the data for the integration.

* Onboarding maintenance windows may need to be established between Adobe and the customer as initial ingest may cause Campaign slowdowns.

* You are encouraged to communicate known instances of significant increase or “spikes” in usage of the integration (e.g., sharp increase in new or updated records), as this could cause slowdowns in data syncing.

* As part of the integration, you will be expected to complete the pre-integration configuration steps in Microsoft Azure and Dynamics 365. See the configuration steps [on this page](../../integrating/using/configure-microsoft-dynamics-365-for-campaign-integration.md)

* It is expected that you will bring your Dynamics 365 and Campaign data models to the integration and will maintain them.

## Integration boundaries

The integration was designed to solve the general use case of common data movement between Dynamics 365 and Campaign, but it is not intended to address every use case specific to each customer:

* The integration does not issue any privacy (e.g., GDPR) deletes. The responsibility of fulfilling end-user privacy requests rests with the customer; such requests should be made in both Campaign (via the Adobe Experience Platform Privacy Service) and Dynamics 365 independently. The integration can issue regular deletes to help with data synchronization, if desired.

* No profile or custom entity data will be synchronized from Campaign to Dynamics 365, with the exception of opt-out information (if configured by the customer).

* Campaign subscription management (i.e., subscribes/unsubscribes) is not natively supported.

* Composing and triggering Campaign email campaigns from within Dynamics 365 is not supported.

* The integration will not support the remodeling of data between the Dynamics 365 and Campaign data models. It is expected that the integration will be syncing one Dynamics 365 table to one Campaign table.

* There is no self-service UI with the current release of the integration.
